Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
A wise man once said.
that in order for a man
to know where he's going
he must first know where he has been.
There are no heroes in this story.
Just the monsters I helped create.
I used to be a good man.
But today I'm here to right my wrong.
And to do that. I'll have to
go back to where it all began.
- At 7:34 P.M. Hilo
police responded to a call
in regards to an unarmed black man.
Witnesses say he reached for his wallet
as police approached.
That is when the two officers
involved opened fire.
Striking the suspect once in the torso
and multiple times in the neck.
The victim was rushed to
Hilo Memorial Hospital
where he was pronounced dead.
- Mayor Richards?
- Yes.
- What is your response
to the recent uproar across the city?
Especially within the
African American community
in regards to the spike in
these types of shootings
of unarmed black men across the city.
What measures are you
implementing to ensure
accountability when police officers
fire their weapons unjustly. Mr. Mayor?
- I understand that there is a lot of pain
and anger right now in our city.
I understand that.
Our entire city understands that.
But what we've witnessed
in the past several hours
and throughout our city. I
cannot. we cannot tolerate it.
Those two officers involved
have been suspended.
We're currently working
with the Inspector General
and the Governor's office.
And this is currently
an active investigation.
- Right. but as you're
aware people are protesting.
Violence is on the rise and the city
is burning down to the ground.
With that said. Mr. Mayor.
when will justice be served?
Will justice be served?
The city has spoken and it is clear
that they are tired. Mr. Mayor.
- How long are you
reporters gonna keep trying
to divide my office and
the people of this city?
We're all on the same side.
Now as far as injustice. it ends now.
Effective immediately any
unjustified police shootings
will hereby be subject to imprisonment.
Pending investigation.
We will no longer tolerate the unruly.
lawless actions of the men
and women sworn to protect us.
Thank you. no more questions.
- Just wait a minute. Mr. Mayor.
Mr. Mayor.
- Where the fuck you been?
- You dare question me.
Where's Chubbs?
- You're just gonna come
in here and call no shots.
- Yeah. actually I am.
Do you have a problem with that?
- You're not in charge
around here. Chubbs is.
Hey yo. Chubbs!
Bitch ass cop.
- Do you feel in charge now!
- Hey yo. that's enough. man.
- Do these assholes speak for you?
- These assholes you keep talking about.
this is my crew.
Last time I checked. I
agreed to work with you.
Not for you.
You need to remember that shit.
And if I was you. I'd put
that gun down in my house.
- The way I see it. I'm the
brains of this operation.
And I have the pull.
So I think you need to remember
that without me. you don't make any money.
- What the fuck you want. man?
- We have a job.
You and your crew. get ready.
We leave in 10 minutes.
Oh and Chubbs. don't keep me waiting.
- You heard the man. Ravage.
Ganther. let's go.
- Yo. I've got a funny
feeling about this. man.
You trust this dude?
Word on the street is
this kid is ruthless. man.
- Listen. listen man.
He come highly recommended.
Fuck the word on the streets.
- All right. whatever. man.
- Yeah. but you think
they're gonna show up?
- Yo listen. y'all nervous man.
We got this. man.
- Yeah. but they were
supposed to be here by 7:00.
I hope this shit ain't a fucking setup.
- That's them right there. yeah?
- Gentlemen. where's my money?
- What time is it?
- Late.
- We got your money. but you're late.
I got a thing about being kept waiting.
- Yeah well. we had a minor mishap.
- A mishap?
Whatever.
Give 'em the money.
- This the 60K?
Is that what we said?
- 60K. all there.
- Get these men their product.
- No problem.
- Let's smoke these fools. B.
- Clowns with guns.
So you think you just
gonna roll up in here
and rob us and leave?
You think that's how it's going down?
- Pretty much. yeah.
- So how we gonna handle this?
- Well. we don't need this
to get extra messy. do we?
- What the fuck is that?
- A little insurance policy.
- Lower the guns. lower the guns.
- Fuck that.
- Put the guns down. put the guns down.
- Wise move. gentlemen.
- You know this ain't over. right?
- Pleasure doing business with you.
- Fuck that.
I can't believe this shit.
Fucking clowns.
- 60K. boys.
- Fuckin guys are trippin.
- Dude. Sergeant Lawrence
is such a fucking asshole.
- Yeah. I never liked that guy. man.
The 4012 Sergeant is way better
from what I hear.
- You're not thinking about
switching over. are you?
- Mm. Nah. I don't think so.
Besides. we have RNP 407 today.
And we're patrolling the
good old southern district.
So you know how that goes.
- This should be interesting.
- Always is.
So. I wanted to run something by you.
- I'm listening.
- So. there's this guy
in the southern district.
He's kind of a well known dealer.
And from what I hear. he's got a lot
of city cops on the payroll.
And guys are making big payouts.
All you gotta do is
just give him a heads up
whenever something's about to go down.
- You're serious?
- We make what?
A lousy 40K a year.
I got two kids and a
mortgage to pay for. man.
You think that salary's cutting it?
Besides. we have the badge.
And the power. for Christ's sake.
- So let me get this straight.
I want to make sure I'm
hearing you correctly.
You're asking me to go against
everything we stand for as cops and betray
the very same oath we took?
- Listen. I'm asking you as my partner
and more importantly as my brother
to just consider this opportunity.
And just do this for
me just one time. man.
That's all I'm asking for. just one time.
- I'll be waiting for
you in the patrol car.
- Hey Susan. it's Detective Sean Jones
from the Hilo Police
Department investigation unit.
Listen. I have some very
important information
I need to get over to Russ. ASAP.
- Yo. Pedreddi.
- Yo.
- Last night. dude. I
was fucking this girl.
- Yeah man. did she have big tits?
- Dude. she was fucking hot. nice tits.
- Yeah. boy.
- But seriously. what's
the deal with detective?
- Man. I'm fucking tired of
this beat shit already. man.
I wanna make detective already
and start fucking smashing
shit up out there. man.
- You're due. man.
- I know. man.
I'm fucking ready to kick ass already
and tear this shit up already. bro.
- I hear ya.
- This shit make no fucking sense.
All this waiting. bro.
- Who the fuck is this guy?
- Let's get him.
- Yeah. hold on.
Hey man.
Hey. hold up!
What you doing in this neighborhood?
- Just got out of work.
I'm just trying to go home.
- You live around here?
- No. I don't live around here.
I just got outta work.
- You got ID on you?
- What's with the attitude?
- Hey come here.
- Why are you touching me?
Why are you touching me?
- I wanna talk to you for a minute.
- I just got out of work.
- We just want to talk to you.
- What did I do?
- Just come stand over here for me.
- Just come stand right here.
- Do you have ID on you?
- Do you have ID or not?
- This is fucking bullshit.
- Okay. well folder me
Sergeant Guzman's information.
Matter of fact. I know
exactly how to get it to him.
- Yo fella. come on!
- Give me your fucking hands.
- Come on. come on.
- I'm not resisting.
- I'm gonna have to call you back.
- I'm not resisting!
- Stop resisting.
- I'm fucking cuffed!
- Calm down. everybody shut the fuck up.
Calm down.
- No. I gotta stop this.
- Pick him up.
- Come on.
- This is bullshit. man.
- Relax. what's going on here?
- Miss. I need you to
stop right there. miss.
- No. no. no!
- I need you to stop now. stop.
- I just got outta work.
All I was trying to do was
pick up some food for my son
when these two officers profiled me.
asked me for my ID.
When I reached in my pocket
to show my ID. they rushed me.
- Did you see what happened?
- Miss. we have the situation
under control. please.
- Are you just gonna stand
there and do nothing?
- That's not what happened.
He was resisting.
- Bullshit!
- Relax. where's the ID?
- Bullshit. I thought he
was gonna reach for a--
- For a fucking what? A gun?
I forgot he's black.
He's supposed to have a gun. right?
If this was a white person.
would it be the same?
- Hell fucking no.
- Come on. you can't be serious.
- Yeah. what are you trying to say. Jones?
- Just answer the fucking question.
Matter of fact. uncuff him.
- This is bullshit.
Ah!
- Take it easy.
Come here. come here. come here.
Stand there.
Listen. brother.
I'm sorry about that. all right.
Don't. don't get upset.
This shouldn't have happened. all right?
- Thank you.
We need more cops like you out here.
- Get home safe. man.
Let me tell you guys something.
I'm going to IA and I'm gonna order
a full investigation on you
guy's conduct. all right?
Now get the fuck outta here.
Go tell your sergeant to call me.
Shit ain't never gonna change.
- Detective La Salle.
can you tell me about
the events that transpired
on Thursday. September 12th?
- At approximately 1800 hours myself.
officer George. and
officer Studwell received
a radio call regarding
an unusual disturbance.
A female caucasian walking a dog indicated
she observed an unusual
noise coming from inside
the abandoned warehouse
located between Nostrand
and Segway Park.
She also indicated that she observed
a suspicious group that appeared
to be inside the vicinity.
- And then what happened?
- We radioed dispatch
that we arrived on scene.
- We have three officers at the warehouse.
- Scouted out the location.
We then proceeded with caution.
Where we strategically moved
in with our guns drawn.
At which point in time
we entered the warehouse.
And what we discovered was unlike anything
I'd ever seen in my career as an officer.
This is officer La Salle.
I need immediate backup
at the abandoned warehouse
between Nostrand and Segway.
- Detective La Salle. just so you know.
this is still an active
and ongoing investigation.
And in case you forgot. I'm
still in charge around here.
This interview is now concluded.
This is Sergeant
Guzman from investigations.
You were supposed to be
in my office an hour ago.
- Ah. shit.
Where the hell are you?
Don't keep me waiting.
- Yeah. I must have over slept.
I want to see you in my office
in 15 minutes and I mean 15.
- I'll be down in 15 minutes.
- Yeah. Susan. I'm gonna
have to call you back.
I have a guest.
Come in!
- Sorry I'm late. Sergeant Guzman.
I got held up in traffic.
Where's Russ?
- Take a seat.
Russ was transferred to
the southern district.
I'm assuming you didn't hear.
- No. I. I.
- It's because of you and your partner.
Now. I'm gonna give you two minutes
and I mean two. to convince
me why I shouldn't take you
into custody right now.
- Look. I have something that
might pique your interest.
There seems to be a connection
between this guy and the
leader of the clown gang.
- So let me get something straight.
Weren't you taking money from these guys?
- Yeah. but.
- Wait just a minute.
So how does this concern you?
- Gorgeous George has disappeared.
No phone calls. no text messages.
It's like he fell off
the face of the earth.
- So. maybe he's in jail
where the both of you belong.
- Look. I get it.
But I'm asking you for your help.
- I don't think you do.
And if I agree to help you catch
this so called clown gang leader.
I want one thing from you.
- Anything.
- If I help you in any capacity
I want you to turn yourself
in immediately after
or I will find your ass
and shoot you myself.
- Okay. I'll turn myself in.
- Now put your gun and
your badge on the table.
And get the hell out of my office.
- With all due respect. Sergeant Guzman--
- Your gun and your badge and get out!
Time can't come soon enough.
- Shit. fuck.
- Listen. I appreciate this.
I hate this cop.
Listen. we gotta go get some money.
Chill out. now.
- Well?
Hurry up!
What the fuck are we doing?
Thank you.
- Listen. I know you
supposed to be the boss
but I'm just letting you
know what the deal is.
- Yeah. I know what
the deal is. all right.
The meeting point. like we discussed.
I'll be there.
- Slope. you got the drop off point?
- Yeah. I got it.
- Oh shit. get outta here.
- Fuck!
- Yo. they're getting away!
- Fuck. son of a bitch!
Did you see where they went?
- No. I didn't see 'em.
- My mask.
He'll find my fucking mask.
- Shh.
- Come on. let's go.
- Detective La Salle.
this is Detective Jones.
I found the clown gang's hideout.
But you're not gonna
believe who's behind it.
Listen. the address is
1415 Nostrand Avenue.
It's the abandoned warehouse.
And come quick. because I'm moving in.
Hilo PD. freeze!
Don't fucking move.
Everybody put your hands in
the air where I can see them.
- That voice sounds familiar.
Detective Jones.
Good to see you. man.
- Another fucking stupid ass cop?
- Fuck you.
- What's it been. six
years since the academy?
- It's been seven. but it doesn't matter.
You're going to jail.
- Oh really?
- I know who you are.
I know all about you.
- You're such a Billy badass. handle that.
- I guess it's just us then.
- I don't think so.
- Come on. Jones.
We know you're not shit.
I know you're not shit.
You know you're not shit.
I mean hell. the whole
academy knew you weren't shit.
- Get fucking bent.
- Ah!
- This is what happens!
Do you see?
You see?
Huh?
Anybody else!
- Hey yo. pick his ass up. man.
Detective La Salle.
this is Detective Jones.
Listen. I've located the
clown gang's hideout.
You're not gonna believe who's behind it.
Listen the address is
1415 Nostrand Avenue.
Hurry up and come quick.
- Listen. I've got bills
that need to be paid.
I've got a crazy lady.
I've got cars that need to be paid for.
Okay listen. so here's my thing.
Where's the next job gonna be
and how much is it?
- Freeze!
- Another mother fucking pig?
It's raining cops out this bitch.
- Well. well. well.
What do we have here?
Looking for this?
- You.
I know him.
Where is Detective Jones?
- Hey yo. Chubbs!
- You know.
We coulda been great together.
- I'm nothing like you.
- I'm gonna give you one last chance
to be a part of this.
- Looks like we're gonna
need a new location. fellas.
Not for nothing. he's
one tough son of a bitch.
For a cop.
- Don't tell 'em shit.
- Yo. shut the fuck up. man.
- Who's this asshole?
- Don't worry. I'll make
your death meaningful.
- Who the fuck are you?
- That's the fucking cop
I was telling you about.
- Oh yeah.
Word on the street is
you ain't a cop anymore.
- Yeah. that's right.
- You know what. you got
a lot of heart coming here
knowing you don't have
that badge for protection.
- I came here to let
you and your gang know.
that you're all going to jail.
- Jail?
Is that so?
All right. hold up.
Wasn't it you and your partner.
what the fuck was his name?
Gorgeous George.
Y'all make a deal with us.
He sticks to it. runs
the entire operation.
You go ahead and act like some
type of fucking boy scout?
- Former partner.
- Yo. you know what?
I've had just about enough you
and the fucking HPD.
Search this mother fucker.
- I guess you won't be needing this one.
- Name a reason why I
shouldn't smoke your bitch ass.
Matter of fact. yo Chubbs!
- Man you cops. hell of a
fucking nerve. you know that?
- Former cop. asshole.
- Okay. so if that's the
case. answer me this.
You think you can come in here all alone
and nothing's gonna fucking happen to you?
- Who said I was alone?
I brought a few old friends of mine.
- Hilo PD. freeze!
Don't fucking move!
- Don't fucking move!
- Everyone down. don't fucking move!
- Drop that fucking gun!
- Don't fucking move!
- What's it gonna be. KB?
- Drop that fucking gun.
Drop the fucking gun.
Drop it.
- Fuck!
- I know you.
Aren't you that kid we roughed
up back at the precinct?
- Let's go. man. stop playing around.
- Get the fuck off me.
- Let's go!
- This Kara Benaduci reporting live
for Channel 24 News.
Indicated that Detective La Salle.
an eight year veteran of the force
had just 24 hours to turn himself in.
With crime on the rise
there are talks about the
Hilo Police Department's
integrity policy regarding corruption.
The City Council has proposed defunding
the department and firing any officers
who violate the misconduct policy.
- I knew I'd find you here.
- You know. this is where me
and my dad used to go fishing.
It's the only place I've ever found peace
after he died.
- Listen. I really appreciate
what you did back there.
You probably think you saved my ass. huh?
- What's that. like the 20th time?
- You wish.
So where do we go from here?
- Honestly. I don't know.
Now that I'm officially off the force
and I've got less than an
hour to turn myself in.
I think it's time I faced
the consequences of my actions.
- You sure that's what you wanna do?
- Yeah.
Better do it before I change my mind.
- In that case you give me no choice.
Wilfred La Salle. you're under arrest.
Anything you say can and
will be used against you
in a court of law.
- Yeah. yeah. I know my rights.
Just get on with it.